{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Documentation for ShuangLugha\
Asteria Chilambo and Michelle Qin\
\
A website which kids can learn chinese and Swahili by taking lessons, practicing with flashcards, taking quizzes, and keeping track of their progress throughout\
their learning period.\
\
## About (ShuangLugha homepage)\
\
About ShuangLugha describes the history behind this website. About informs users that ShuangLugha is a website which enables children who speak English\
to learn both Chinese and Swahili. The making of this website was inspired by the beginner computer science course CS50, in which Michelle Qin and Asteria Chilambo are both enrolled\
at Harvard University. The homepage also displays the national flags of the two nations China and Tanzania.\
\
## Register\
\
In order to access lessons, practice with flashcards, or take quizzes on this website, the user must register him/herself. By clicking the Register button on the right-\
hand side of the homepage, the user can create an account by creating a username and a password. The user must fill the same password again to\
confirm the password made. If the user registers a name that is already being used, he/she will receive an error message that the username exist, in which case the user has\
to create another password. When registering, the user must also indicate the language he/she intends to learn, i.e., either Chinese or Swahili.\
\
## Login\
\
If the user has already registered to learn, he or she can access the course at anytime when visiting the website by logging in. Then then user can freely use the\
login button in the right-hand side and login by filling in the correct username and password.\
\
## Lessons\
\
This webite offers six major lessons which kids can learn. The lessons are indicated by lesson one to six. The user can access any lesson he/she wants to learn\
at any time. By clicking on the button of any lesson, the user will be linked to a YouTube video that teaches him/her the language chosen when registering.\
\
## Practice\
\
The user will practice the target language with flashcards. First, the user chooses one of the six categories to practice. Then, ShuangLugha\
will provide a randomly generated English word on a flashcard. The user will be able to see the translated word by clicking the Flip button.\
ShuangLugha in its current form does not allow the user to flip back to the English word. Note: since the words are generated randomly,\
the user is able to access the same English word again. This will help the user learn faster, by accessing the same word multiple times.\
The user may also click a button to see another flashcard in the same category.\
\
## Quizzes\
\
The user will take a vocabulary quiz of the target language by clicking a button indicating his/her desired category (greetings/phrases, family,\
numbers, colors, food, or animals). The quiz will provide a randomly generated English word in the form of a flash card. The user will have to type the answer.\
The website will immediately tell the user whether his/her answer was correct or incorrect, along with the correct translation.\
The user will be able to get the next question after checking the answer.\
\
## Progress Tracker\
\
The user is able to keep track of what he/she has been learning over the course of time by clicking on the tab Progress Tracker. Progress Tracker\
displays an updated list of the lessons the user has watched. The webpage also provides information about quizzes the user has taken. It notes down the\
number of questions the user has gotten correct on quizzes taken in each category, as well as the total number of questions taken (if any).\
The user is able to see his/her percentage of correctness.\
\
## Settings\
\
By clicking the Settings tab in the navigation bar, the user will be able to change his/her password by filling in the correct current password,\
a new password, and a confirmation of the new password. The user may also clear his/her quiz history on this page by clicking a red button.\
\
}